README.md, before:

# election_analysis

## Overview
Purpose of the election audit analysis

### Explainer on Raw Data
The raw data consists of:
- Ballot ID
- County
- Candidate

Ballot ID is the unique identifier, and there are 369,711 rows of data, representing 369,711 votes.

### Ask
Audience: Colorado Board of Elections
Purpose: Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote

### Previously Completed Work
In this project, our final Python script will need to be able to deliver the following information when the script is run: 

Total number of votes cast
A complete list of candidates who received votes
Total number of votes each candidate received
Percentage of votes each candidate won
The winner of the election based on popular vote 

## Results
- How many votes were cast in this congressional election
- Provide a breakdown of the number of votes and the percentage of total votes for each county in the precinct.
- Which county had the largest number of votes?
- Provide a breakdown of the number of votes and the percentage of the total votes each candidate received.
- Which candidate won the election, what was their vote count, and what was their percentage of the total votes?

Commit message:

Complete report with election results

README.md, after:

# election_analysis

## Overview
The purpose of the election audit analysis is to compile the results of the election, and determine the winner of the election based on popular vote. The results are reported to the Colorado Board of Elections. 

### Explainer on Raw Data
Each row of raw data consists of:
- Ballot ID
- County
- Candidate

Ballot ID is the unique identifier, and there are 369,711 rows of data, representing 369,711 votes.

The code examines each row, while tabulating the number of votes for each candidate in the dictionary candidate_votes, and by county in the dictionary county_votes. 

## Results
The results of the election per the audit are as follow:
![Election Results](Resources/election_results.png)

- The total votes cast in the congressional election is 369,711
- Each county in the precinct had the following proportion of votes (total number of votes in brackets): Jefferson County, 10.%% (38,855), Denver County, 82.8% (306,055), Arapahoe County, 6.7% (24,801)
- The county with the largest number of votes is Denver
- Each candidate received the following proportion of votes (total number of votes in brackets): Charles Casper Stockham, 23.0% (85,213), Diana DeGette, 73.8% (272,892), Raymon Anthony Doane, 3.1% (11,606)
- Diana DeGette won the election, with 272,892 votes, representing 73.8% of the total votes. 

## Summary

The script can be used for any election, as long as the file path is clearly defined in line 9.

To modify the output of the the script, make changes starting at line 88.

    # Print the final vote count (to terminal)
    election_results = (
        f"\nElection Results\n"
        f"-------------------------\n"
        f"Total Votes: {total_votes:,}\n"
        f"-------------------------\n\n"
        f"County Votes:\n")
    print(election_results, end="")

The text inside the f string f" can be modified

Another statistic that we can add to the script is the eligible voting population for each county. From there, we can calculate the voter turnout for each county by dividing the total votes by the eligible voting population.
